[ Phone Ringing ]
Okay, I’ll–
I’ll get that.
[ Ringing Continues ]
[ Beeps ]
Hello?
Hey, Manny’s getting
his outfit together
for the dance tonight–
I was just taking
some supplies out to the car.
Isn’t this exciting,
the boys’ first dance?
Greatest day of my life.
Does Phil have a green
pocket square for him?
Teal.
I don’t know. I don’t think
Phil’s really a pocket square
kind of a guy.
Wow.
Why don’t we
conference in Mitch?
[ Beeping ]
Ay, look. This might work.
Well, except that
it’s turquoise.
Oh, and a bra!
Do you think
the kids in my village
have pocket squares?
Here we go
with the village.
- Dad, you still there?
- Unfortunately, yes.
Please ask Claire what time
do I need to be at the school
to help set up.
Gloria wants to know–
No, I heard.
I heard.
Um, tell her thank you so much,
but we have all the help
we could possibly need,
and she doesn’t even
have to come tonight
if she doesn’t want to.
- Claire said–
- I heard.
[ Rings, Beeps ]
Hello?
- Oh, hey, Mitch. Where are you?
- Oh, we’re at the park.
You would not believe
how some of these people
dress their kids.
Lily’s friend
just pulled a Britney Spears
getting out of a sandbox car.
So Dad’s on the line.
Do you have a teal
pocket square for Manny?
Cam, Manny needs
a teal pocket square.
- Oh, I’ve got teal, I’ve got
aqua, I’ve got seafoam.
- Yeah, Cam’s got one.
- Cam’s got one.
- Yes!
Oh, you know what?
I lent it to Andre.
Uh, he lent it
to Andre.
Flag on the play.
What’s that mean?
What’s it mean?
[ Sighs ]
Now I got to
go to the mall.
Is this okay?
Oh, hey, Luke has to
go to the mall too.
What?
[ Claire ]
Phil.
Let’s go,
Incredible Hulk.
♪ Hey, hey ♪
♪ Hey ♪♪
[ Girl Squeals ]
[ Woman ]
Hey.
Hi.
Is that your little girl
over there, Lily?
Yes. Look at her.
Yes.
Uh, this is a little bit
awkward, but she bit Tyler.
Oh, no.
Oh, my goodness.
I– I don’t
even know
what to say.
She’s never done anything like
that before. How did it happen?
I don’t know.
I didn’t see it.
Uh-huh.
Mm-hmm.
It’s time to
play everyone’s
favorite game.
"Let’s blame
the gay dads."
You know who had
straight parents– Adolf Hitler.
Charles Manson.
Shall we go on?
Naomi Campbell.
I know it happened.
He’s got bite marks on his arm.
Oh, wow, yeah. Oh, gosh.
Someone really sunk
their teeth into ya, huh?
It’s ’cause you’re such
a yummy little guy. Yes.
[ Laughs ]
Our daughter
didn’t do that.
But he said–
Right.
He’s probably just confused.
You know who I bet
did it, though? Billy.
Rhymes with "Lily."
Plus, he is very aggressive.
His babysitter
is right
over there.
She’s– She’s not much
of a disciplinarian.
Because I can assure you,
if our child did something
like this,
we would be on her like
white on rice.
And I know that sounds a little
bit like a racial slur...
because we’re white
and she presumably
likes rice,
but I didn’t intend it that way.
Ah, finally.
There’s a spot.
[ Phil ]
Oh.
Guys, I am just bursting
with pride right now.
Your first dance.
Soon you’re gonna be men.
I want you to know there’s
more to being a man...
than just shopping
for fancy outfits.
Yep. Pretty soon you get
some hair on your chest.
You start answering the phone,
people don’t think
you’re ladies.
Come on. Today, Miss Daisy.
Actually, Miss Daisy
was the one being driven,
not the one driving.
Never saw it.
It’s called
Driving Miss Daisy.
You got a real lip on you today,
you know that?
[ Jay ]
Hey, that was our spot!
What are you doing? You gonna
let him snake your spot?
Not worth it.
Boys, here’s the only thing you
gotta know about being a man–
never let someone take
what is yours.
Unless it’s just a parking spot
and there’s plenty of others.
That’s sweet, Phil.
You ought to write that down.
You got any lipstick
in your purse?
I love Jay.
Are you kidding me?
He’s my boy.
Yeah, he gives me a hard time,
but that’s the deal
with a father-in-law.
The key is, I never let him see
just how much it devastates me.
It’s Dunphy.
That’s what I said–
Dumphy.
No, not "Dum."
Dunphy.
Dumphy.
Say "Dun."
Dun.
Say "phy."
Phy.
Dunphy.
Dumphy.
All right, just bring it
this way. This way.
There it is. Perfect.
Thank you. Perfect.
- Claire!
- What?
Can you ask Gus
to fix that light?
I asked him,
but he just growled at me.
Oh, gosh. Okay.
Gus, stop scaring Bethenny
and fix the light, please.
Don’t make me come over there.
I’m busy. You fix it.
Is this because I said
I wouldn’t come to the dance
with you?
Gus, I’m a married woman.
People would talk.
One dance with me,
you’d forget all about it.
Yeah, I already have a husband
who doesn’t fix lights.
Please?
Thank you so much.
[ Chuckles ]
This school would literally
fall apart without you.
Oh, well, I don’t know
about "literally," but–
¡Hola! ¡Hola!
I’m here.
Oh, you came anyway.
That’s great.
I think it’s great too.
A few weeks ago, they asked
for someone to be in charge
of the school dance,
and I volunteered.
The school asks for volunteers
so that everybody will
feel included.
But who are they kidding?
They want me to do it.
I’ve put on every school dance
since Haley was 12.
It’s my thing.
They made us cochairs,
which means we’re supposed
to do everything together.
But Claire won’t take
any of my ideas.
She suggested
an Arabian Nights theme.
Isn’t it a little soon?
Okay. Hey, everybody,
do you know Gloria,
Manny’s mom?
She’s here to
help us out today.
I’m the cochair.
[ All ] Oh.
[ Claire ]
Mm-hmm.
So the kids are
gonna be here in two hours,
so everybody back to work.
Everybody back to work.
I just said that.
And I just co-said it.
I mean, the nerve of that lady,
accusing Lily.
Oh.
Mmm. You know what?
You can’t change people, Cam.
I mean, we just
have to rise above.
Ow! Ohh!
What happened?
She bit me.
Are you serious?
Ohh! She did it again.
It’s like Twilight back here.
[ Boy Whimpering ]
No. No ice cream for you, Billy,
because the lady say
you biting.
Okay, go, go!
Yeah.
Go, go, go. Drive.
Okay.
Are you sure
this is teal?
’Cause I’m starting to get
a real strong green thing here.
That’s the fluorescent lights.
Do you mind if I walk this
over to Lamps Galore?
I need you to worry
about this less.
Guess who fit into
the suit on the mannequin
and saved us 20%?
Here’s something I didn’t
know about mannequins–
they don’t have a wiener.
What the heck is that?
It’s a nicer word
for "penis."
No, I mean,
what the heck is this?
It’s a tie.
It’s teal.
I don’t care.
I just grabbed
the first one I saw.
Well, grab a different one.
No!
Now I like it.
Uh, I think
we were here first.
I just have one thing.
I’m in a big rush.
So are we.
That’s fine.
Go ahead.
Seriously?
Jay, it’s
not a big deal.
And can you give me
the sale prices for some things
I bought last week?
Oh, for God’s sake!
Now this is what I’m
talking about, boys.
You give people an inch,
they’ll run all over you.
Or you could just be nice.
Pay it forward.
They don’t make movies
out of bad ideas.
All I know is you gotta
fight for what you want.
If there’s one job available,
this guy just got it and they
go hungry at the Dumphys.
Dunphys.
Okay, I don’t get it.
Why is she biting?
Lily, why are you biting?
She’s not biting,
she’s teething.
On people. All right, if she
starts biting her playdates,
she’s gonna be a pariah.
Try "piranha."
Really, Cam?
It was right there.
All right, you should also
know that I in no way–
in no way blame you.
- Thank you.
Why would you blame me?
- I don’t.
- Well, good,
because I don’t blame you.
- Well, obviously.
Uh, okay, well, now
I’m starting to feel the blame.
No.
No. Don’t. It’s–
It’s just that you’re
with her all day.
Oh, wow.
I have a daughter who bites
and a partner who stings.
Okay. Okay, you want to
know the truth?
Sometimes you send her
some mixed signals.
[ Gasps ]
I’m gonna bite your feet.
I’m gonna bite ’em right off.
[ Chomping ]
I’m not the one who uses
my teeth like a multi-tool.
Here we go.
Cookies for Lily...
and wine for us.
Okay.
I can’t believe
you would equate that–
Don’t bite my head off.
I’m not a pack of batteries.
Un poquito más acá.
Es perfecto ahí.
Ay, Gus, buenísimo.
Whoa!
¡Ay!
Why is this box here?
Ay, I’m sorry. We did because
we were moving the tables.
Why are you moving
the tables?
So the kids have more space
to dance. It’s better this way.
Is it really, Gloria?
Because right now it kinda just
looks like a clump of tables
and a big open space.
Look, I’m sorry, but we’ve
always done it this way.
And I think it’s gonna
throw people off
if you move them around.
Oh, my God.
These tables look great.
Who did this?
- I did.
- I love it.
[ Chuckles ]
Hello. We haven’t been
properly introduced.
I’m Gloria.
I’m Bethenny.
I don’t know if anybody’s
ever told you this,
but you’re really pretty.
No. No, Bethenny,
no one’s ever told her that.
I am seriously freaking out
about these tables!
You know what? Let’s just
put a pin in where we’re
gonna put the tables.
Yes, we’re keeping the tables.
So what else can I do?
Um, you can...
help me with the chairs.
Okay.
We need a lot of them.
They’re under the stage
right here, so–
There’s like dirty
and dark there, no?
Yeah, I know.
Bummer, right?
¡Ay!
Off you go.
It smells funny, Claire!
So sorry. Keep going.
[ Clattering ]
What? We needed chairs.
There are ants all over.
I’m going to clean
them all up tomorrow.
No, you need to clean them
before the children get here.
Of course.
What are you guys
talking about?
No, nothing. He was just
saying how much he loves
the tables. [ Laughs ]
If I had the receipt,
I wouldn’t need you
to look it up.
At this rate, I’m going to
miss the first dance...
at my wedding!
I thought he only had
one item.
Tell your dad if it were up to
me, we’d have been in and out
of here in about 10 minutes.
You mentioned that.
And I’ll probably
mention it again.
Because thanks to someone,
we’re gonna be here a while.
Yeah, I get it.
Luke, you should order
that suit in a larger size–
I get it.
because by the time
we get out of here–
Pay for the suit.
Where the hell
are you going?
Luke needs socks.
Make ’em teal.
You’re playing
a very dangerous game.
Hey, boys.
Look who it is, the guy
that stole our parking spot.
Are you going to hit him?
I’d totally hit him.
I’m not gonna hit him,
but I’m gonna give him
a piece of my mind.
Now, boys, pay attention.
You want to be men? This is how
you handle a jerk like this.
Hey, chief.
You know, you stole
our parking space today.
What?
That’s right. I was waiting
for the parking space,
you snaked right in there.
That make you feel
like a big man?
Did I?
I didn’t even notice.
That’s no excuse.
I’m really sorry.
My dog died today.
I had to put him to sleep.
Fourteen years.
He was all I had.
Now I can’t stand
the thought of going back
to my empty apartment.
So I just keep wandering
around the mall.
You know what?
Forget about the... spot.
[ Sobbing ]
God! That was his name!
Do not hit him.
Oasis for Men?
[ Sprays ]
That’s funny.
[ Chuckles ]
You made that sound like
a question, then you didn’t
wait for me to answer.
What?
Here, let me show you.
You go– You go,
"Oasis for... Men?"
[ Sprays ]
You see what I mean?
You went "Oasis for... Men?"
You should have said,
"Oasis for Men?" Then I go,
"Yeah. Give me two."
But instead, you went,
"Oasis for... Men."
Okay, I get it.
You see what I mean?
I get it!
No, I’m not sure you do!
You sprayed before "men."
You went, "Oasis for... Men."
Okay. Okay.
Okay. Stop it!
Men! Men! Men!
Stop it!
Look, stop it!
Men! Men! Men!
Men! Men! Men! Men! Men!
Stop it! Stop it!
Men! Men! Men! Men!
[ Screams ]
[ Mutters ]
[ Sighs ]
Hey, Phil.
Hey.
I don’t know what happened.
I just– I–
Look, I might have come down
on you a little bit hard today.
I’m sorry.
I remember pretending
to go look for some socks.
I mean, it’s, uh, my fault.
I pushed your buttons.
My father-in-law
was the same way with me.
It was horrible.
Grandpa Lucas?
He was a sweetheart.
Yeah, after the stroke
mellowed him out good.
Before, an animal.
We named Luke after him.
Everything I did
was wrong.
If I said it was white,
he’d say it was black.
Although he never said
anything was black, ’cause
he was a pretty big racist.
I wear his watch.
I hated him.
Hated him!
And I was thinking,
I don’t know,
I don’t want you to think
the same way about me.
You ever think about maybe not
being a jerk to me so much?
You see,
you got to stop taking
that stuff personally.
I’m like that
with everybody.
I’m tough.
And mean.
I don’t like to take guff.
Or people’s feelings
into consideration.
Okay, okay.
I can’t swear
my way is the right way.
I see you smiling,
skipping around,
and I think sometimes,
I don’t know, maybe the boys
would be better off...
if they were a little bit
more like you.
You know skipping burns more
calories than running, that’s–
We’re done here.
Yeah.
Oh, hey, listen. They didn’t
tell me, but what did you do to
that guy? Did you get him?
Yeah. I sprayed him
with cologne.
I’m sorry I asked.
No, but like a lot of cologne.
I just like got way up in there.
Good boy.
Did you find anything yet?
Yes. There’s a whole section
on biting on this mommy forum.
Oh, good.
What does it say?
"My son was biting,
so I got a stranger
to yell at him.
Being disciplined by someone
else outside the family
scared him into stopping."
Idiots!
Cam.
I am not hiring some hobo
to come over here
and traumatize my child.
She’s already prone
to flashbacks,
if you know what I mean.
Okay, you know she didn’t
fight in Vietnam, right?
I don’t know anything anymore.
What else does it say?
Okay, well, this one says,
"When my daughter bit
her brother,
I put a pinch of pepper
in her mouth.
She cried and cried,
but she never bit again."
Smiley face.
Oh, well, the smiley face
makes it okay.
"I waterboarded
our toddler. LOL."
All right,
what do you suggest we do?
That we log off the Spanish
Inquisition Web site
and handle this with love.
Okay, Lily.
♪ Take a bite of an apple ♪
♪ Take a bite of a pear ♪
♪ Take a bite of the cookie
that you left over there ♪
♪ Here’s one thing
you should never do ♪
♪ Don’t bite Taylor
or Brandon or Sue ♪
♪ Because people aren’t food
People aren’t food ♪
♪ Your friends will run away
if they’re scared of
being chewed ♪
♪ And as a side note,
private parts are private ♪♪
Well, problem solved.
I know you’re being sarcastic,
but you don’t know
that it’s not.
Ow! Honey.
Did she just
bite you again?
No.
That is it.
I am getting the pepper.
No. No, you are not.
Cam, you’re not doing her
any favors by being soft.
Why don’t you just skip
the pepper, I’ll get some pliers
and we’ll pull her teeth now!
Relax. It’s a seasoning.
Okay, well, then,
why don’t you try some?
- Stop it.
- No, try a little.
Stop it.
No, try a little bit.
Don’t you hit me.
Stop it.
Put some in there.
Ow! You bit me.
Well, why don’t you
sing me a song about it?
♪♪ [ Dance ]
[ Gasps ]
Oh, look at you two
in your matching ties.
Don’t get me started.
Oh, come here.
[ Sniffs ]
Luke, sweetie,
are you wearing cologne?
No.
Dad attacked the perfume guy
and then hugged me.
Okay.
I saw the boys in those
adorable little suits,
and it made me realize
this dance is about them.
It’s not about me
and my petty little
competition with–
with Gloria.
♪♪ [ Continues ]
[ No Audible Dialogue ]
Who wears that
to a kids’ dance?
I know.
She looks amazing.
Okay, I’m gonna slow things
down with a blast from the past
for our chaperones.
Give them a hand.
♪♪ [ Ballad ]
♪ Loving for a moment ♪
[ Chattering, Laughing ]
♪ Taking on the world ♪
Oh, my God.
♪ That was just my style ♪
Okay. Okay. Not a problem.
♪ Now I look into your eyes ♪
♪ I can see forever ♪
[ Exhales, Chuckles ]
♪ The search is over ♪
Oh.
♪ You were with me
all the while ♪
♪ Now the miles
stretch out behind me ♪
♪ Loves that I have lost ♪
I’m– I’m fine.
I’m fine.
♪♪ [ Continues ]
[ Chuckles ]
I don’t need a paper towel.
I’m sorry.
I didn’t even see you.
No, of course you didn’t.
Of course you didn’t.
’Cause it’s Gloria’s night.
That’s right.
It’s all about Gloria,
Gloria, Gloria.
When you’re done
getting married,
maybe you can
mop this up a little.
What was that?
It’s this damn uniform.
Okay, we need to talk.
No, I am fine.
I do not need to talk.
Well, you’ve been pushing me
away the whole week. You’ve
been fighting all my ideas.
That’s because this
is my thing, Gloria.
Why can’t it be
my thing too, Claire?
Because everything
is your thing.
This– This is the one thing
that was my thing.
This is my only thing.
Oh, my God.
And then you come along
and you steal my thunder...
with your tight dresses
and your great ideas.
I was the one that
all the moms looked up to.
I was the only one Gus liked.
Ay. Please, if you like him
so much, you can keep him.
It’s not the same
now that I know he likes you.
That sounds really insane,
but this isn’t actually
about Gus.
Really? Because you’ve been
talking a lot about him.
Gloria, Gus is a symbol.
A sex symbol?
Oh, stop it, Gloria.
I’m already crying.
Claire, I didn’t come here
to steal your thunder.
Your thunder is your thunder
and my thunder is my thunder.
I know. It’s just
that God gave you
so much thunder.
Yeah, maybe too much.
I hate how those woman
look at me.
You think I don’t know
what they’re thinking?
"Ah, here comes the hot one...
with the big boobies
that is gonna steal my husband."
And maybe they don’t let
their kids play with Manny.
I volunteer because I want them
to see that there is so much
more to me.
Why didn’t you
tell me that?
Maybe for the same reason
you didn’t tell me you had
a weird thing for Gus.
It’s embarrassing.
Okay.
I am sorry.
I made this whole thing into
some ridiculous competition,
and I’m pathetic.
You’re not pathetic.
[ Sighs ]
Okay, that’s a little bit sad.
[ Phil ]
We like to think
we’re so smart...
and we have all the answers.
And we want to pass all that
on to our children.
But if you scratch
beneath the surface,
you don’t
have to dig very deep
to find the kid you were.
Which is why it’s kinda crazy
that now we’re raising kids
of our own.
You know what?
This is a milestone.
We’re accepting that
our little angel isn’t perfect.
That’s right,
and it’s okay.
I– I take it back.
She is perfect.
[ Chuckles ]
I guess that’s the real
circle of life.
Your parents faked
their way through it,
you fake your way
through it,
and hopefully you don’t
raise a serial killer.
Ow!
[ Chuckles ]
That’s not funny.
I am so sorry.
No, just come over.
We’ll watch a movie,
put the whole thing behind you.
Okay, see you in a bit.
That was Longines.
He’s in a very bad place.
Oh, no. What happened?
Well, apparently some maniac
went crazy at the mall...
and attacked him
with Oasis for Men.
Oh, well, I think we all
knew that day was coming.
All right, wish me luck.
Good luck.
Okay, honey,
please don’t hurt Daddy.
All right, ahh.